[Music]
all right now
i know it's been a little minute since i
last uploaded i'll explain why
but today's video is sponsored by hunter
killer and this is
easily the most fire sponsor i've ever
created
i love this sponsor video and now you
get to see it check it out
you've been with me as we venture
through the craziest dark and horror
films but you know what else i love
solving mystery i love to be the
backseat gumshoe
but now i can be the ultimate detective
with hunt
a killer but also i can't tell you how
excited i am
about hunt a killer's new blair witch
game what is hunt to killer you ask
only the most awesome subscription game
where
you get to be the ultimate detective
your career starts up through one season
and one season is made up of six boxes
each box has
realistic evidence maps police reports
and more
to help you catch the killers this is
excellent for fans of true crime
but hunter killer is also doing horror
mysteries too
the hunter killer blair witch edition is
the awesome gift for
anyone who loves horror it's like you're
in the movie universe
and you can solve the history of the
massively powerful
blair witch through cryptic documents
audio recordings and some crazy puzzles
it's actually kind of like an escape
room in a box
immerse yourself into hunter killer
alone with your friends whoever
but spooky what if i can't piece
together the evidence is
too tough don't despair you can just
join the spoiler-free online community
where people will guide each other
into solving these mysteries without
spoiling with over one hundred thousand
active subscribers and over two thousand
five star reviews
you best believe hunter killer got some
excellent stories
let me show you my box now if you're
gonna solve mysteries you gotta get
dripped up first
now this is my true crime box just look
at it just
real evidence like i'm an actual
detective i am wearing the skirt by the
way
huh the cadence theater case official
documents
too like what i'm not gonna lie i was a
little intimidated at first
like i was in over my head but once i
started just fully going in
i fully became the detective you can
become the ultimate detective
if you go to hunterkiller.com and take
the test
use spooky for 20 off your first box
again go to huntakiller.com and see if
you are ready
and use code spooky for 20 off your
first box as you start your detective
career
or will you try to survive what the
blair witch has in store
thanks to hunter killer for sponsoring
today's video
let's give an applause for that fire
reference
field sponsor that was so amazing i love
hunter killer
you seen the title pieces 1982
i already made a video on this a while
ago and it's a simple plot
you don't got to go to texas for a
chainsaw massacre
you could just go to boston on a weirdly
unnamed
absent campus looks like they're doing
online classes better than my school
now this video is something special to
me this video
broke my back literally it was
easily the hardest video i've ever had
to make
and you'll see why it broke me it was
like making
five disturbing breakdowns at the same
time i check out the horror geeks video
on pieces
he can review it a lot better than me
instead of the usual
we're going to be a backseat detective
don't trip though because y'all getting
the double upload today
i'll repeat you are getting a double
upload today
keep that bell checked if you want to
see what happens including all the
messed up parts
stay tuned for the breakdown cue the
gohan
[Music]
all right you can play the portal trip
spooky go and play it real quick
but this is not a classic disturbing
breakdown
this is an investigation
using a certain investigative model we
will find out who the killer is in this
movie
before they reveal it to us this is a
backdoor pilot for a new series that i
would love
to create and don't trip because you're
gonna love it you're gonna love this
video so just
stay watching so let's get started shall
we chainsaw charlie is a serial killer
who is taken the lives of four victims
over the course of a few days
the list of suspects includes kendall
the campus casanova who would make a
great cop
professor brown an anatomy professor
with a closed-off persona
willard the gardener who is as
villainous as creed braddon
and the dean the killer is most likely a
male
sexual deviant we know for a fact that
the second victim was named susan
we can solve this case please feel free
to join me by
jotting the evidence down we'll have to
collect clues to form a foundation
then construct an argument to come to a
final decision
i'm sure we can reach a new hope we can
beat the despair of murder and solve
this case
all i have to do is find out who really
did it who really killed those girls
well [ __ ] where do i even start well
the first victim is such a random case i
doubt that place has much evidence
but the more bodies means the more clues
i think i should go to the pool where
the second victim
susan got sawed
looks like the killer left their murder
weapon behind kind of dumb don't you
think
without a doubt all of the victims had
to have been killed with this
there's susan's corpse the coroners say
that only her torso was taken
but why exactly was susan in the pool
area in the first
place well perhaps she just wanted to
get a swim in
the killer doesn't move the entire
bodies so it's plausible to
think she died in this room either way
if the killer did kill her here it's
pretty risky
maybe he knew she would be in here
lieutenant bracken mentioned that
shortly before coroners were on the
scene
the gardener willard was arrested in
connection to the murder
once they probed them he mentioned
seeing the murder weapon
and seeing kendall running away from the
scene
well that sounds suspicious of kendall i
know that makes kendall seem like the
likely suspect
but ironically this might prove that
kendall
isn't the killer
apparently willard got into a fist fight
with multiple officers for some reason
i suppose maybe he thought he would be
framed but still
the smartest solution is to surrender so
why did wheeler get into a fight
[Music]
well i guess that's all that's in here
for now i'll be sure to come back if i
need to though
let's head to the library
after probing kendall moore he mentions
that he got a letter from susan
i want to do it
that could be why susan was in the pool
area
but is that all there is to it
kendall why give you a note if she was
gonna tell you what she wanted to do
anyway maybe that note had more
information on it that kendall didn't
reveal
nonetheless the fact that she was killed
in the pool
area means that the killer knew she
would be there
so he must have read that note after
kendall trashed it
that's one part of it but i don't think
the killer relied on the note
either way it's evidence
hmm so there was a letter given to
kendall 30 minutes after
susan left to the pool it would be fair
to say she was killed in that time right
especially since the letter told kendall
not to come to the pool
maybe this letter wasn't written by
susan actually written by the killer
now that i think about it i'm actually
surprised kendall didn't go what college
student wouldn't want to do it under the
water
i don't know maybe he heard something
weird about susan
anyway let's go to the dean's office
apparently the letter was first sent
there
so that letter from earlier was given to
the secretary
who used kendall's friend to deliver it
before we get any further i hope you all
are enjoying this video
hit the like button if you enjoy it and
go ahead and go down to the comments and
let me know
if you think this should be a series i
really want to make this a series
okay back to the investigation i think
it's time to go see what happened to the
third victim
a dance student killed in an elevator
first of all this building is kinda
weird
the building is where the second victim
was killed too
seems this building holds the library
classrooms
pool area and a dancing area downstairs
my college in particular would probably
have separate buildings for each
let's go see the body
from first glance it's obvious she died
in the elevator
but that's telling us something else it
means she got in the elevator with her
killer
the murder happened late at night and
the only people in the building were
when everybody was brought into the
lobby after the murder
this is according to lieutenant bracken
lieutenant bracken explained that it
seems
only faculty were in the building
alongside police
this is a very telling clue indeed
according to some officers kendall
helped them gain access to the building
since the main door was locked this is
after both parties heard the third
victim screaming
so kendall helped them enter the
building
i feel like this case is wrapping up we
are getting closer to who the killer
could be at
every second the last victim was killed
in the locker rooms early morning
i say we investigate the area
everybody can agree that loud music was
playing
that blinded the noise of chainsaws this
is how the victim died
and how the killer masked his presence
according to kindle
and undercover officer mary riggs they
saw willard hiding something in the back
room
before returning to talk to them about
the rigged sound
system what is up with willard
mary and willard both confirmed that
someone with the right access
tamper with the sound system according
to willard though
somebody stole his keys
wait a second the door to the sound
system doesn't even need
keys
[Music]
oh no then this means anybody could have
done it right
well actually maybe just access to the
building needs a certain set of keys
and not the room itself either way this
means that someone with knowledge of the
buildings
had to have messed with the sound system
prior to this whole
murder scenario a girl on a skateboard
accidentally ran into a big mirror
it's never mentioned what happened to
her but i guess it's good evidence
okay that's all i can investigate it's
time for the solo trial
the solo trial is a mental exercise
meant to connect
evidence together tear down false
statements
and convict the killer you got all the
evidence right
it's time to catch chainsaw charlie
i already know the killer it's kendall
what the [ __ ] is a doubtful thought
maybe this is my best way to catch the
killer by myself
i have to prove myself wrong i'll have
to listen to various unrelated
or related statements and see if i can
shoot down the false facts
they think it's one of the staff
it's me why susan would use your office
for something like that
i'm up a tree with this guy man
are we exactly sure kendall is the
killer
what about they think it's one of the
staff
it's me why susan would use your office
for something like that
kendall can't be the killer because he
was at the scene of the crime
huh didn't that prove he was the killer
actually he can't be the killer since
the murder happened before he entered
the pool area
the door he came in though was actually
the door
most people used to enter the pool area
sure
willer saw him come through this area
but that means he was actually doing
something
other than murdering he was planning on
meeting the victim here
well why did he run away then why did he
run away
i got a good idea i got it
kendall ran because he thought willard
was the killer
it's likely kendall entered the area saw
willard with his hand on the chainsaw
and assumed the worse
i assure you you have nothing to worry
about
i'm up a tree with this guy
i'm pretty sure the murder is someone on
or around the campus
kendall was always in the right places
kendall the killer again but doesn't he
have him
sure you have nothing to worry about
no that's wrong
did i really forget that kendall was
with the police officers right before
the murder of the third victim
kendall and the two officers heard the
victim scream
and they can testify on kendo's behalf
that he was right there with him
so i think kendall's clean very well
let's at least get the basic information
out of the way
we know the killer used a chainsaw often
killed with people right around the
corner
and knew the layout of the school but
how did he not get seen
once even better how exactly did the
killer know
when to kill his victims something in me
is wondering how the killer knew when to
get close
is it because i got it
i believe the killer stalked his victims
this is mostly conjecture
but it's fair to assume if the killer
stalked his victims
he knew there were teens and where to
kill
are you them the note the note
telling kendall to meet her in the pool
the killer must have gotten it
away so that must mean the killings or
random luck
something in me believes that the killer
operated on opportunity
i need to prove to myself that these
killings weren't random
[Music]
it's very difficult to remember
everybody
if the murder was random then why would
the killer know
the sin it's very difficult to remember
everybody
no that's wrong
in order to kill susan the killer would
have have to work fast
the note to kindle may have helped the
killer but only as to write a letter to
sin
to kindle to keep him away speaking of
what was the point of the note in the
first place
i got it the note wasn't telling kendall
to come
only it was telling kendall what time to
come
otherwise she wouldn't have told him to
come anyway
verbally remember that
[Music]
so i conclude that the killer used the
note to craft a quick letter to kindle
to keep him away just the fact that the
note was taken from kindle
means that the killer was stalking her
in the first place
well it's kind of shaky but i'll accept
it
so guys hope you are enjoying this video
remember a solo trial is only a trial
where the investigator has no friends
so leave a like on this video if you
want to see this become a series
y'all know y'all love this stop playing
okay
let's get back to the trial anyway you
can't believe willard is innocent right
it's like the film wants you to suspect
him true
but i don't think willard is entirely
innocent what exactly do i think willard
is
i got it while willard might not or
might be the killer he is pretty
suspicious of other crimes
for one why did he fight the police just
surrender
you just made yourself look even worse
now they probably could book you for
that
the reason why he fought the police was
because he thought they called him for
his real crime
thievery is even hinted by the dean that
he's been
casing the joint kendall and mary even
saw him hide a bag from them
while he may be innocent of murder it
doesn't mean he's innocent
it would also explain why he was in the
lobby after the third murder
he has no reason to still be on the
campus at that time of night
anyway let's get to what happened to the
third victim
the third victim was a dance student so
perhaps the killer
killed her after she was done late night
practicing
yes but it's where she died that's
important
are you saying that she got in the
elevator with her killer there is no
evidence to prove
that she did or didn't know the killer
how do you know it could have been any
one of the suspects
what did you gag me huh
i wouldn't make any noise then
i'll blow your brains
[Music]
i really don't want to see bad dubbing
or hear casanova again
i gotta figure out why only the suspects
could have entered the elevator
what if you gagged me huh
i wouldn't make any noise then
i'll blow your brains out
cazanova
no that's wrong
the reason why it had to be a suspect is
because the doors to the buildings were
locked
kendall had to enter in a window just to
get in and it's fair to assume
somebody unlocked it once the police
came
however this means that only people
inside the building can be suspects
and since kindle is clean that means the
staff has to be a killer
only staff members were in the building
after i didn't know teachers stayed that
long but
whatever i guess is that the only proof
actually it's not but we would have to
move on to the fourth victim
it's simple the killer mess with the
sound system but there are only a small
set of individuals who can do that
keys someone stole willard's keys and
used them
so couldn't that mean anybody could have
done it but kendall is still clear
he was with mary the whole time of the
fourth murder so that means
willard professor brown or the dean
i'll be honest i can't prove professor
brown stole the keys
he's like a scapegoat this entire film
only to be forgotten
willard the last time we see him is when
kendall discovers the fourth victim
i think he made a quick getaway
i think i have evidence that shortens
the suspects more
how anybody could have stolen the keys
and change the sound system
anybody could have stolen the keys and
change the sound system
wow that was an oscar-worthy bastard
but does everybody know how to work the
sound system
no that's wrong
[Music]
the only people who could have changed
the sound system
were people who knew the layout of the
building and the system itself
wheeler just got there he's on a
contract and was being pushed to leave
by the dean
so does this mean you have an idea who
the killer is
yes i do
i got it the dean is the killer
he is the only one who could calmly
stalk his victims without them noticing
know the layout of all the school in
order to get away quickly
and the dean is the most likely person
that the third victim met
if you recall only staff members were in
the building
or could get in the building at that
time and of course
the dean has the power to lock any doors
he wants
the killer knew kendall would go to the
pool to meet the second victim
and quickly wrote a letter to stop him
is it a coincidence
that the dean was the only person to
read the letter
rather than take the letter to kindle
himself he taxed the secretary to do it
even though he knew it was urgent
probably because he was doing something
else
while the letter was being in transit
murder i'm sure the demon is the killer
all the questions have been answered and
the truth has been revealed
now here's what happened
[Music]
so
the killer is you i think i'd better
take one more look back at this case
from the beginning
on day one the killer randomly murdered
a student in broad daylight taking her
head with him
on day 2 the killer was in the process
of stalking his next victim
when kendall came into the picture the
killer usually stalked his victims
before killing them
when they are lacking kendall going to
have sex with the victim
too was a threat so the killer forced a
letter quickly
made sure to give it to his secretary
after confirming it
he left to kill victim 2 hoping his
secretary would deliver it to kendall
kendall wanted good grades before he got
a good nut
but still felt like he needed to show up
since he has
danger since the killer was aided by
willard's suspiciousness
and was allowed to kill again on day
three
the killer stalked another potential
victim the dance girl
after confirming that his victim
practices late into the night
the killer creeped her into running away
it was then that the victim recognized
the killer
a staff member who could only be there
since they have the keys to
enter the building she met her gory
demise
kendall helped officers get inside by
climbing through a window
where it's obvious that the suspects are
only staff members who stayed
late the killer slipped in shortly after
the hassle
on day four the killer would murder his
last victim
using willard's keys he broke into the
sound system room
and rigged it to provide him cover as he
murdered his latest victims
the only person who could do this is
someone who knew the layout of the
building
and how to operate the sound system
willard is a new groundskeeper
who was sure of staying away from work
he didn't need to do
professor brown was aloof and never went
anywhere
but the library knowing that kendall has
various alibis
that means the only person possible is
someone who knows all about the building
and has the power to open various doors
to it
isn't that right dean
and that's it huh i loved making this
video but
it was tough so i would love if y'all
would allow me to
do a monthly series where i investigate
whodunit films this video was just
practice so
i was just showing you what i would like
to do this format is from
dangan rompa an awesome mystery series
that you should check out if you haven't
this was a blast to make but
future installments would have stricter
rules leave a like on this video if you
enjoyed
and hit me up on ig or email or the
comments to let me know any ideas
and series names etc because i know
y'all love this joint
stay tuned for the double upload and
i'll see y'all later
spooky out